When I heard you kicked my eldest lady out of the house
It was dragged out
Let's also send a lonely ride
You bullshit butler still treat me like this
From now on, Gu Ruicheng and dogs are not allowed to enter
Never give up youth poverty
Sujia Sunan
Don't you forget
I still have a piece of land waiting for me to make a comeback
Is your death
Brother Ruichen
What are you doing?
I heard that your Su family widow
Let me take a look.
Did you already know
Sunan is the eldest lady of the Su family
How come?
I've only known you a week before
Bitch, why didn't you tell me?
If I had told you earlier
You see this bereaved dog
I'll kill you hahaha
By the way, you don't know yet
You mortgage the property
The land bought by the mortgage company for 300 million yuan
It's zoned for agriculture.
About to be staged and levied more than a penny
From today onwards
You are nothing
Waste 300 million liabilities
Hahaha, that's impossible.
That's not possible.
Ha ha.
Ah!